AIG   i/o = 256/129   gates = 1020   level = 255
input size is 256
node size is 1277
output size is 129
iteration is 0
ps.area_flow_rounds + 1: 1
compute match
execute wirelength mapping
compute_mapping1
output1 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
set_mapping refs
output5 size is 129
output size is 129
iteration is : 1
node match is as big as 1277
input size is 256
node size is 1277
output size is 129
index is 259	index is 266	index is 274	index is 282	index is 290	index is 298	index is 306	index is 314	index is 322	index is 330	index is 338	index is 346	index is 354	index is 362	index is 370	index is 378	index is 386	index is 394	index is 402	index is 410	index is 418	index is 426	index is 434	index is 442	index is 450	index is 458	index is 466	index is 474	index is 482	index is 490	index is 498	index is 506	index is 514	index is 522	index is 530	index is 538	index is 546	index is 554	index is 562	index is 570	index is 578	index is 586	index is 594	index is 602	index is 610	index is 618	index is 626	index is 634	index is 642	index is 650	index is 658	index is 666	index is 674	index is 682	index is 690	index is 698	index is 706	index is 714	index is 722	index is 730	index is 738	index is 746	index is 754	index is 762	index is 770	index is 778	index is 786	index is 794	index is 802	index is 810	index is 818	index is 826	index is 834	index is 842	index is 850	index is 858	index is 866	index is 874	index is 882	index is 890	index is 898	index is 906	index is 914	index is 922	index is 930	index is 938	index is 946	index is 954	index is 962	index is 970	index is 978	index is 986	index is 994	index is 1002	index is 1010	index is 1018	index is 1026	index is 1034	index is 1042	index is 1050	index is 1058	index is 1066	index is 1074	index is 1082	index is 1090	index is 1098	index is 1106	index is 1114	index is 1122	index is 1130	index is 1138	index is 1146	index is 1154	index is 1162	index is 1170	index is 1178	index is 1186	index is 1194	index is 1202	index is 1210	index is 1218	index is 1226	index is 1234	index is 1242	index is 1250	index is 1258	index is 1266	index is 1274	index is 1276	compute_mapping2
output1 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
match phase1
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
supergate
compare map
compare map
save best choice
match_phase done
output2 size is 129
match phase2
recompute best match info
cut
supergate
supergate
compare map
supergate
compare map
supergate
save best choice
match_phase done
output3 size is 129
match drop phase1
output4 size is 129
set_mapping refs
output5 size is 129
compute_wirelength mapping
node match is as big as 1277
input size is 256
node size is 1277
output size is 129
index is 259	index is 266	index is 274	index is 282	index is 290	index is 298	index is 306	index is 314	index is 322	index is 330	index is 338	index is 346	index is 354	index is 362	index is 370	index is 378	index is 386	index is 394	index is 402	index is 410	index is 418	index is 426	index is 434	index is 442	index is 450	index is 458	index is 466	index is 474	index is 482	index is 490	index is 498	index is 506	index is 514	index is 522	index is 530	index is 538	index is 546	index is 554	index is 562	index is 570	index is 578	index is 586	index is 594	index is 602	index is 610	index is 618	index is 626	index is 634	index is 642	index is 650	index is 658	index is 666	index is 674	index is 682	index is 690	index is 698	index is 706	index is 714	index is 722	index is 730	index is 738	index is 746	index is 754	index is 762	index is 770	index is 778	index is 786	index is 794	index is 802	index is 810	index is 818	index is 826	index is 834	index is 842	index is 850	index is 858	index is 866	index is 874	index is 882	index is 890	index is 898	index is 906	index is 914	index is 922	index is 930	index is 938	index is 946	index is 954	index is 962	index is 970	index is 978	index is 986	index is 994	index is 1002	index is 1010	index is 1018	index is 1026	index is 1034	index is 1042	index is 1050	index is 1058	index is 1066	index is 1074	index is 1082	index is 1090	index is 1098	index is 1106	index is 1114	index is 1122	index is 1130	index is 1138	index is 1146	index is 1154	index is 1162	index is 1170	index is 1178	index is 1186	index is 1194	index is 1202	index is 1210	index is 1218	index is 1226	index is 1234	index is 1242	index is 1250	index is 1258	index is 1266	index is 1274	index is 1276	size of match position is 1277. np size is 1277
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
 match drop phase
matching wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
match wirelength
start to match cut
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
comparing wirelength
delay computing
supergate
compute wirelength
delay computing
delay computing
 match drop phase
compute mapping wirelength done
index is 259	index is 266	index is 274	index is 282	index is 290	index is 298	index is 306	index is 314	index is 322	index is 330	index is 338	index is 346	index is 354	index is 362	index is 370	index is 378	index is 386	index is 394	index is 402	index is 410	index is 418	index is 426	index is 434	index is 442	index is 450	index is 458	index is 466	index is 474	index is 482	index is 490	index is 498	index is 506	index is 514	index is 522	index is 530	index is 538	index is 546	index is 554	index is 562	index is 570	index is 578	index is 586	index is 594	index is 602	index is 610	index is 618	index is 626	index is 634	index is 642	index is 650	index is 658	index is 666	index is 674	index is 682	index is 690	index is 698	index is 706	index is 714	index is 722	index is 730	index is 738	index is 746	index is 754	index is 762	index is 770	index is 778	index is 786	index is 794	index is 802	index is 810	index is 818	index is 826	index is 834	index is 842	index is 850	index is 858	index is 866	index is 874	index is 882	index is 890	index is 898	index is 906	index is 914	index is 922	index is 930	index is 938	index is 946	index is 954	index is 962	index is 970	index is 978	index is 986	index is 994	index is 1002	index is 1010	index is 1018	index is 1026	index is 1034	index is 1042	index is 1050	index is 1058	index is 1066	index is 1074	index is 1082	index is 1090	index is 1098	index is 1106	index is 1114	index is 1122	index is 1130	index is 1138	index is 1146	index is 1154	index is 1162	index is 1170	index is 1178	index is 1186	index is 1194	index is 1202	index is 1210	index is 1218	index is 1226	index is 1234	index is 1242	index is 1250	index is 1258	index is 1266	index is 1274	index is 1276	set_mapping refs
index is 259	index is 266	index is 274	index is 282	index is 290	index is 298	index is 306	index is 314	index is 322	index is 330	index is 338	index is 346	index is 354	index is 362	index is 370	index is 378	index is 386	index is 394	index is 402	index is 410	index is 418	index is 426	index is 434	index is 442	index is 450	index is 458	index is 466	index is 474	index is 482	index is 490	index is 498	index is 506	index is 514	index is 522	index is 530	index is 538	index is 546	index is 554	index is 562	index is 570	index is 578	index is 586	index is 594	index is 602	index is 610	index is 618	index is 626	index is 634	index is 642	index is 650	index is 658	index is 666	index is 674	index is 682	index is 690	index is 698	index is 706	index is 714	index is 722	index is 730	index is 738	index is 746	index is 754	index is 762	index is 770	index is 778	index is 786	index is 794	index is 802	index is 810	index is 818	index is 826	index is 834	index is 842	index is 850	index is 858	index is 866	index is 874	index is 882	index is 890	index is 898	index is 906	index is 914	index is 922	index is 930	index is 938	index is 946	index is 954	index is 962	index is 970	index is 978	index is 986	index is 994	index is 1002	index is 1010	index is 1018	index is 1026	index is 1034	index is 1042	index is 1050	index is 1058	index is 1066	index is 1074	index is 1082	index is 1090	index is 1098	index is 1106	index is 1114	index is 1122	index is 1130	index is 1138	index is 1146	index is 1154	index is 1162	index is 1170	index is 1178	index is 1186	index is 1194	index is 1202	index is 1210	index is 1218	index is 1226	index is 1234	index is 1242	index is 1250	index is 1258	index is 1266	index is 1274	index is 1276	set_mapping refs
execute mapping done
finalize mapping
getting res
[i] Delay    : Delay =       128.00  Area =      1124.99   0.00 %
[i] AreaFlow : Delay =       128.00  Area =       965.34  14.19 %
[i] Wire     : Delay =       128.00  Area =      1369.58  Wirelength =     82317.00
[i] Area     : Delay =       128.00  Area =       960.31  29.88 %
[i] Area     : Delay =       128.00  Area =       840.21  12.51 %
[i] Area = 840.21; Delay = 128.00;
[i] Mapping runtime =  0.07 secs
[i] Total runtime   =  0.12 secs
Mapped AIG into #gates = 615, area = 840.21, delay = 128.00, power = 0.00, wirelength = 82317.00, total_wirelength = 15995792.62
[CPU time]: 0.150 seconds
